Add `nx-cugraph` Docs Pages (#4669)
rapidsai/cugraph: docs/cugraph/source/nx_cugraph/nx_cugraph.md

### nx_cugraph

> Whereas previous versions of cuGraph have included mechanisms to make it
> trivial to plug in cuGraph algorithm calls. Beginning with version 24.02, nx-cuGraph
> is now a [networkX backend](<https://networkx.org/documentation/stable/reference/utils.html#backends>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nx-cugraph` is a [NetworkX backend](<https://networkx.org/documentation/stable/reference/utils.html#backends>) that accelerates many popular NetworkX functions using cuGraph and NVIDIA GPUs.
```

> The user now need only [install nx-cugraph](<https://github.com/rapidsai/cugraph/blob/branch-24.08/python/nx-cugraph/README.md#install>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users simply [install and enable nx-cugraph]](installation.md)
```

to experience GPU speedups.

Lets look at some examples of algorithm speedups comparing CPU based NetworkX to dispatched versions run on GPU with nx_cugraph.

> Each chart has three measurements.

Reviewer: I'd remove this line too.

* NX - running the algorithm natively with networkX on CPU.
* nx-cugraph - running with GPU accelerated networkX achieved by simply calling the cugraph backend. This pays the overhead of building the GPU resident object for each algorithm called. This achieves significant improvement but stil isn't compleltely optimum.

> * nx-cugraph (preconvert) - This is a bit more complicated since it involves building (precomputing) the GPU resident graph ahead and reusing it for each algorithm.

Reviewer: With the latest nx-cugraph and NetworkX 3.4, we should only show NX and nxcg results (ie. there won't be a separate preconvert).
